docs: OOM prevention mechanisms used in Kaito (#1016)
kaito-project/kaito: docs/kaito-oom-prevention.md

3. **Other Memory**: A small portion of memory is reserved for ephemeral operations such as model activation.

The KV cache usage is dynamic and roughly proportional to the context length (the total length of input and output tokens). vLLM requires the KV cache to be sufficient for the full context when serving a request. To enforce this constraint, vLLM uses a `max-model-len` parameter, which defaults to the model's maximum context length (e.g., 128K for Phi-3 models) if not specified. During startup, vLLM performs an internal probing test using a fake request with the specified `max-model-len`. If the configured KV cache cannot handle this request, the vLLM engine fails to start. After startup, any inference request exceeding the `max-model-len` will fail.

## OOM Scenarios and Kaito's Solutions

Based on the above understanding, we identify and address the following potential OOM scenarios:

### Scenario 1: Insufficient GPU Memory for Model Parameters

> Loading model parameters into GPU memory is a fundamental requirement for any LLM engine. Kaito records the required memory size for each supported model based on 16-bit floating-point precision, as documented in the model's HuggingFace documentation. The validation webhook checks if the specified GPU SKU has sufficient aggregated memory to meet these requirements. However, this check is skipped for SKUs not in Kaito's built-in SKU list.

Reviewer: consider adding:

```suggestion
Kaito records the required memory size for each supported model based on 16-bit floating-point precision, as documented in the model's HuggingFace documentation (if 4-bit or 8-bit quantization is enabled, the actual footprint will be smaller). 
```

Author: addressed.

> **Note**: Kaito allows users to modify the default vLLM configuration through a custom ConfigMap, which may include model quantization options. In such cases, the webhook's resource check might be overly restrictive. Users can bypass this check by adding the annotation `kaito.sh/bypass-resource-checks: "true"` to the workspace custom resource when using quantized models on GPUs with limited memory.

### Scenario 2: Insufficient Memory for Other Operations

> Setting a high `gpu-memory-utilization` value maximizes GPU memory utilization but can lead to OOM errors during operations like model activation if insufficient memory remains. Since different GPU SKUs have different GPU memory sizes, using a fixed percentage threshold for `gpu-memory-utilization` is suboptimal. Kaito dynamically adjusts the `gpu-memory-utilization` based on the GPU SKU's memory size, ensuring a fixed 1.5GB is reserved for ephemeral memory usage.

Author: After offline discussion, we concluded that it is the model activation that causes the pytorch cache growth which may lead to OOM.
